My script is in .py which stands for Python script. I wanted to choose this topic over the rest that we covered in this course because python is one of the easier programming languages to use compared to others which are a bit more complexed. In my python script, it defines getting someone by incorporating a name which in this case would be Cristian Vallejo. First I had left it as Cristian but then changed it to add a second name next to Cristian so I could commit in Github and explain that I changed that because it is formal to greet by first and last name. 
 First i defined "greet" which is the variable and inside that variable is the name of a person. Then I added the triple quotes after defining the variable, which indicates its just a rather long comment and needed to be broken up into 2 lines. I always remember to use quotes at the beginning and end of the comment to close it. After I put the print function and inside added a comment in quotes but in the middle i put the plus sign to indicate "add" name after the first comment and then i put add again to attach another comment after greeting the user by their name. I made sure to finish by typing the variable and inside with single quotes adding a name which is Cristian.
 I was actually stuck at the beginning and did not know which feature of python I wanted to make. I think that one of the ones that was hard for me to learn was defining variables so thats why I choose this. I did have trouble remembering to always put quotes inside the variable because it was the name. Forgetting the simplist thung can really affect any piece of code or scripting. Using multiple programming languages can be extremely overwheling because a lot of them have different ways of inputting and executing and its a lot of memorizing. Python has much more features to offer compared to AWK which is used for organizing data into separate fields. AWK is useful for those who work with a lot of data compling and just need another way to manage that data. 
 Any advice id give myself is have a lot of patience because scripting is not easy but with trial and error anythng can be accomplished. It helps to take one thing at a time and not trying to learn multiple programs all at once. Teaching myself Github has taken up a large portion of my day and it takes a lot of dedication and focus. I would tell myself to not only look at the guthub page for guidance but multiple ones until I feel more confident about what I am teaching myself. 